People I am again one has one
be changed in the
other indoor pool of us few people
asked me what they are doing
can do just about the pressure in the evening more
too heavy
they said yes I have no
imprint
it feels like it's moving
i just can not do the water
to grab
Of course, there are different ones
Exercises how to train the water feeling
I can just show you now
in short, two variants of this without
Tools can do it like that
are actually good ours our hand
when we swim have I poor
fingers do not have them but they do too
not extremely compressed but
they are actually so relaxed
next to each other to look for pressure
build
I'll just show you how to do it
the whole thing can change
and finally the water feeling too
we can strengthen once we were
completely spread finger afterwards
make the train with fist it floats
has an effect that is me now
dragged plane take away and the plane
naturally, so much less water
I will have little expression
and when I wake up then again
the normal finger attitude surrounded
I should actually have more imprint
should I just short and
always try to water-clear to you
to show what I'm doing
it has been that one possible
I 'm pretty short again
bad feeling no water feelings
Now I'm doing it with fist
so
Of course it can all of this
reinforce or conceal hard
do
yes, and by now just times
tried ok left hand I do the
language finger rights i did
wrong or I always change it for
Sensomotoric very demanding
It was almost a step further
now for me just a choice and
spread makes twice fist twice
Let's take a look
a little question to you i could
write in the comments
what do you think you have then
round less sensitive or less
with spread fingers or with the
Just fist in the comments
even if the critic or suggestions
has thumbs up if it's you
Please have a look at facebook
Swim over faster and we
See you again next technique video